`Hds::Icon` Documentation Updates (#2221)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/icon/partials/resources/resources.md

## Resources

Here is a list of resources that are associated with our HDS icon component.

### Icon Library

A list of all icons our component supports.

> [Go to library](/icons/library)

Reviewer: suggestion: for consistency and symmetry with the Figma library
```suggestion
[Go to Icon library](/icons/library)
```

### Figma library

For internal use only, the Figma library of icons that designers can leverage in their designs.

[Go to Figma library](https://www.figma.com/file/TLnoT5AYQfy3tZ0H68BgOr/Flight-Icons?node-id=164%3A0&t=bWFdjHgfV6aLQjep-1)

### SVG assets

A ZIP file containing all SVG assets of our icons.

[Download SVG assets](/assets/zip/flight-icons-svg.zip)

### HDS support

> If are unable to find a specific icon, or are noticing a problem with an existing one, reach out to HDS support

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are unable to find a specific icon, or notice a problem with an existing one, reach out to HDS support.
```
